Grandpa, we're here to see you
4 Hello Grandpa
Are you the little girl who saved me?
Ok come come come
Grandpa, thank you
If it weren't for you
My old bones can be explained
No, Fourth Grandpa, you are very lucky
It will definitely live a hundred years, hahahaha.
This brat
Staring at the little girl
I seem to like him
Grandpa
I take the liberty to ask
Do you have a boyfriend?
Ah, no.
So what do you think of my grandson?
Ah!
Look at my grandson
Tall and handsome!
young and promising
And he's a billionaire.
Would you like to think about it?
Uh uh
4 Grandpa, I have no plans to fall in love for the time being
Can you make friends without falling in love?
Grandpa, don't make it difficult for others
How is this embarrassing for people?
Mr. Yang, so
You two leave each other WeChat messages?
He's the president of the conglomerate.
If you have anything in the future, just go to him
Is that okay?
OK
Uh fourth grandpa
I'll take a call uh
Fourth grandpa, let me take a call
Okay, okay, you go pick it up, let's go
Okay, okay.
Look no further.
OK
You like grandpa?
i
Grandpa is a good girl
I like it here too.
If you can catch up to him
I promise you that I will run away from home
Grandpa's a deal, a deal
4 grandpa
It's getting late, so I won't disturb your rest.
I'll see you another day.
Okay, okay, then you will be free in the future.
Come and see you often
I'll send it to you.
No need.
You let him sit
Let him sit and he'll be fine
Chen is a child